W-110672814 ACM improve branded emails troubleshooting jh (#271)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting-error-when-creating-new-community-from-template.adoc

= Error When Creating a New Community from a Template
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> If creating a new community from a template shows the error `An unexpected error occurred. Try again or contact your Salesforce administrator for help`, compile all Apex classes by opening *Setup* > *Custom Code* > *Apex Classes* and clicking *Compile all classes*. In a few minutes the page displays the message `Compilation Complete: Compilation Successful`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If creating a new community from a template shows the error `An unexpected error occurred. Try again or contact your Salesforce administrator for help`, compile all Apex classes: open *Setup* > *Custom Code* > *Apex Classes*, and click *Compile all classes*. In a few minutes the page displays the message `Compilation Complete: Compilation Successful`.
```
